README.md, before:

# D0036E, Programming for Machine Learning, Lp1, H23 - Lab 01

> In this lab, we will begin by working with data to calculate fundamental statistics. Next, you will develop a data
> loader to import a real dataset. Utilizing the functions you have created, you will gain valuable insights from the
> dataset and generate data plots for visualization purposes.
> The data to be used is available in Canvas and shows information about different housing districts. The name of the
> file is housing.csv.
> Note that in addition to the Tasks described below the following exercises in the course book are mandatory for
> completing this lab (Chapter-Exercise): 3-2, 5-3, 8-4, 10-6, 10-7.

## How to set up

```shell
python3 -m venv venv 

source ./venv/bin/activate

pip3 install --requirement=requirements.txt
```

## How to run task 1, 

```shell
#Optional to active the environment, if it was already activated in the current terminal session, otherwise execute
# source ./venv/bin/activate

python -m unittest discover -v discover -s . -p "task1_*_test.py"
```

## How to run task 2

```shell
#Optional to active the environment, if it was already activated in the current terminal session, otherwise execute
# source ./venv/bin/activate

python -m lab1.task2
```

## How to start and run

```shell
python3 main.py
```

Commit message:

Task 3: Load and inspect the housing data

README.md, after:

# D0036E, Programming for Machine Learning, Lp1, H23 - Lab 01

> In this lab, we will begin by working with data to calculate fundamental statistics. Next, you will develop a data
> loader to import a real dataset. Utilizing the functions you have created, you will gain valuable insights from the
> dataset and generate data plots for visualization purposes.
> The data to be used is available in Canvas and shows information about different housing districts. The name of the
> file is housing.csv.
> Note that in addition to the Tasks described below the following exercises in the course book are mandatory for
> completing this lab (Chapter-Exercise): 3-2, 5-3, 8-4, 10-6, 10-7.

## How to set up

```shell
python3 -m venv venv 

source ./venv/bin/activate

pip3 install --requirement=requirements.txt
```

## How to run task 1, 

```shell
#Optional to active the environment, if it was already activated in the current terminal session, otherwise execute
# source ./venv/bin/activate

python -m unittest discover -v discover -s . -p "task1_*_test.py"
```

## How to run task 2

```shell
#Optional to active the environment, if it was already activated in the current terminal session, otherwise execute
# source ./venv/bin/activate

python -m lab1.task2
```

## How to run task 3

```shell
#Optional to active the environment, if it was already activated in the current terminal session, otherwise execute
# source ./venv/bin/activate

python -m lab1.task3
```

## How to start and run

```shell
python3 main.py
```
